hello in today's video I contracted the
makeup that I use the most is with
neutral colors and a delineated in
black color so nothing if you want
know how I do it, stay watching it
to begin with and we will treat our
lips with a lip balm
this video to your dream nation I
applied to the make-up base that the
pencil measures my berlin and the corrector that
the mac wear program below
has massed the face with the powders
translucent in more than rimmel london
well let's go with the ones to start
we will apply all over the mobile eyelid and
below the lower lashes the
jumbo mix in the tone milk then what
blur we have with the finger apply a
white base under our shadow we
will help to intensify the colors
of the cocoa hair shadow palette of the
autumn rihanna collection of max
we will take the shadow in cream color and the
we will apply above all
eyelid mobile to touch
with a smudge brush we will take the
tan site tone of the palette may that is 3
and we will apply it in the water area
external eye
we will use the color Monday of the same
palette as transition color so
with a brush to blur what
apply and blur we have a
hair brush rather from egypt
yes
with a pencil brush we will take the
darker tone of the target palette and
we will apply it in the entire eye socket
and then we blend well
with a small brush we will apply this
same shadow below the eyelashes
lower
to
with a flat brush we will apply again
the same shadow of the beginning for
re-illuminate the eye
we will illuminate both the lacrimal and the
arch of the eyebrows with the white color of
the palette mccartney to face
and we will outline the upper lashes
with black color and we will make a small
corner
is
when doing the corner we will connect the
delineated upper lashes with
the lower lashes in this way
our look will be more intense
and we will combine the bottom part of the
outlined with a flat brush
with a black pencil in my case the black
eyed de max delinearemos the whole line
of water
we apply instant tabs we have
finished
with the colors of bronzers kryvitski
outline we have the whole face
starting from the cheekbones the septum
the nose and the temple area
after discriminating the bronzer
we will apply the coral did they should this in
the area of ​​the apples up the
cheekbone
two
for the lips I have chosen a color of
same tone as my skin
and we will apply a lipstick in the same tone
that the eyeliner
a little lit up and we'll be ready
so far today's video I hope that you
have liked and if it has been so
little fingers up if you can not always
leave me in the comments area
suggestions on other videos that
want to see
do not forget to subscribe to my channel to
see more videos and record more I say goodbye
for today thank you very much for seeing - we see
in the next video do it
Y
back down
sometimes that stumbles
ah